Updated reviewing-tutorials.md (#47)
NeuromatchAcademy/course-content: tutorials/reviewing-tutorials.md

How can tutorial content reviewers contribute to material authored by domain experts? Reviewers that are domain experts help double-checking scientific content. Non-experts contribute to alignment and consistency, which applies to all content in NMA.

## Contribution scope
Content creators design materials for a particular day. Reviewers see materials across days and assist in polishing them for publication. Creators and reviewers work together in iterative loops to improve consistency with the other days.

Content reviewers follow 3 to 5 days of tutorials, and at least two reviewers see each content.

## Reference documents
These are the main areas for alignment and consistency: 
* Learning objectives and tutorial content from [One-page Topic/Lecture summaries](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1mrXdVGgPqb-NVVLZj3E0FWETp9z-L9I-)
* Guidelines for [Writing tutorials for Neuromatch Academy (NMA)](https://github.com/NeuromatchAcademy/course-content/blob/master/tutorials/writing-tutorials.md)
* Python guidelines and best practices from [Python-standards](https://github.com/NeuromatchAcademy/course-content/blob/master/tutorials/python-standards.md)

> * Consistent math notation and formatting defined in [Standardization](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Bc0oQA4a-y3xJU2mtIDMAOen1SO8AmUjkc3_xFOPM/edit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Consistent math notation and formatting defined in [Standardized nomenclature, math, fonts](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Bc0oQA4a-y3xJU2mtIDMAOen1SO8AmUjkc3_xFOPM/edit)
```
